Update docs for actions for jellyfin (#40021)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/jellyfin.markdown

Audio Codec:
  description: Sets the audio encoding codec to a Jellyfin API supported codec (aac, mp3, vorbis, wma)
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

## Actions

> ### Action `media_player.browse_media`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Action browse media
```

> `browse_media` can be used to step through your Jellyfin library to find media you want to play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use he `media_player.browse_media` action to step through your Jellyfin library to find media you want to play.
```

| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`           | `entity_id` of the media player                                         |
| `media_content_id`    | **(optional)** Unique identifier of the content you want to browse into |

To start your browsing you don't set `media_content_id` to browse the root node.

#### Examples:
```yaml
action: media_player.browse_media
target:
  entity_id: media_player.jellyfin
data:
  media_content_id: a656b907eb3a73532e40e44b968d0225
```

#### Response
```yaml
media_player.jellyfin:
  title: Series
  media_class: directory
  media_content_type: None
  media_content_id: a656b907eb3a73532e40e44b968d0225
  children_media_class: directory
  can_play: false
  can_expand: true
  can_search: false
  thumbnail: >-
    https://jellyfin
  not_shown: 0
  children:
    - title: "Tales of the Jedi"
      media_class: directory
      media_content_type: tvshow
      media_content_id: 34361f3855c9c0ac39b0f7503fe86be0
      children_media_class: null
      can_play: false
      can_expand: true
      can_search: false
      thumbnail: >-
        https://jellyfin
```

> ### Action `media_player.search_media`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Action search media
```

> You can use the `search_media` action to find media you want to play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `media_player.search_media` action to find media you want to play.
```

| Data attribute        | Description                                       |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`           | `entity_id` of the media player                   |
| `search_query`        | The search term                                   |

#### Examples:

```yaml
action: media_player.search_media
target:
  entity_id:
    - media_player.jellyfin
data:
  search_query: star
```
#### Response
```yaml
media_player.jellyfin:
  version: 1
  result:
    - title: Star Wars
      media_class: directory
      media_content_type: Video
      media_content_id: 895dc4e1066da92847d48f9be28eb77c
      children_media_class: null
      can_play: false
      can_expand: false
      can_search: false
      thumbnail: >-
        https://jellyfin
      not_shown: 0
      children: []
    - title: Star Trek
      media_class: directory
      media_content_type: Video
      media_content_id: 5ae55567cae75c26671a0a6b027bdd5b
      children_media_class: null
      can_play: false
      can_expand: false
      can_search: false
      thumbnail: >-
        https://jellyfin
      not_shown: 0
      children: []
```

> ### Action `media_player.play_media`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Action play media
```

To play media on any player you first need to find the `media_content_id` of the content you want to play, through either [browsing to the media](#action-media_playerbrowse_media) or [searching media](#action-media_playersearch_media).

| Data attribute        | Description                                       |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`           | `entity_id` of the media player                   |
| `media_content_id`    | Unique identifier of the content you want to play |
| `media_content_type`  | `movie` or `tvshow`                               |

#### Examples:

> Play a movie on one of the Jellyfin clients that supports playback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Play a movie on one of the Jellyfin clients that supports playback.
```
